# Game of Life

## 1. Create new app

Plan out the app. My plan, if you'd like to follow along, is as follows:

> We'll build out a simple game of life simulator, which will have a
board that is in charge of creating, managing, and rendering cells. The
board will have a size (both `x` and `y`), a List of `cell_pids`, a Map
`snapshot` of the current landscape, an integer `count` of how many
responses it has received, and the `pid` of the main GameOfLife
process. Each cell will have a `position` tuple and a boolean `alive?`
property.

> We'll start by creating the Cell module as a simple loop that
receives `:turn` messages from the board, at which point it counts how
many of its neighbors are alive, and assesses what its own `alive?`
property should be. Once that is computed, the cell should send back a
`:cell` message with its `alive?` property.

> The board, similarly, will start out as a simple loop that receives
`:turn` messages from the main GameOfLife process. For each `:turn`,
the board should reset its `count` and `snapshot` properties and send a
`:turn` message to each cell with the current state of the board. Once
the cell is done computing, it will send the board a `:cell` message.
When the board receives a `:cell` message, it should add that message's
data to the current `snapshot` it is building and increment its
`count`. Once the `count` is `size * size` (i.e., once it has received
a message from all of the cells), the board should render its snapshot,
joining each row of cells together and printing them to the console.
The board should also send a message to the main GameOfLife process at
this point.

> Finally, we'll create a GameOfLife process that allows the user to
start a new simulation with a given size and then loops continuously,
sending the board a `:turn` message 100ms after it last received a
response from the board.

As before, start by running `mix new game_of_life`, which will create a
new app called `game_of_life`.
